DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Hachioji-senpai Taught Me a Lot.
Kazehaya High School
Art Room
Art Club
Recruiting New Members
My first oil painting of the year...
Now, what should I paint?
Animals?
A self-portrait?
A classic reproduction?
Or...
'Sup, Senpai?
Oh, hey.
'Sup?
Will you reward me with a kiss?
I'm not messing.
That seemed like a huge deal, but...
No, that must have been a joke.
The moment I take it seriously...
You thought I was serious?!
That's creepy!
You're so creepy!
Senpai!
You're looking as sus as ever.
You're a third-year starting today.
Why don't you try acting
a little more proper?
Stop it!
Huh?
You still haven't started anything?
I-I haven't.
I can't decide what to paint.
Were you maybe hoping I would model for you?
N-No, of course not!
Well... actually, yeah.
I-If you aren't too busy,
would you mind modeling for me again?
Oh, fine.
I get to choose my outfit, though.
The clothes she's wearing are fine...
Your favorite, Senpai.
The competition swimsuit!
D-Do you always have that with you?!
I thought this might happen someday,
so I hid it in the prep room next door.
B-But I don't know about painting a picture
of a highly exposed girl at school, though.
What?! Don't be so boring!
There's tons of pervy art from all throughout
history and all over the world, isn't there?!
I think that's a bit
different from pervy art...
I guess it's too much for a virgin
closet pervert like you, Senpai.
Wh-Whatever.
I wouldn't mind painting a swimsuit, I guess.
Will you reward me with a kiss?
Wh-Why am I still thinking about that?
So it is too stimulating
for my virgin Senpai.
Your face is beet red.
Wh-Whatever!
I'm just painting you normally!
Are you?
Sorry!
Thanks.
You can take a ten-minute break.
A'ight.
My shoulders are stiff from you ogling me.
I-I wasn't ogling!
I-I was looking at you for
the sake of making art.
I wasn't looking at you for pervy reasons.
Sounds like an excuse.
I-It's not!
Ow, ow...
My back's messed up from you
violating me with your eyes.
Are you all right?
All right how?
I mean, I hear modeling is pretty hard work.
Are you worried about me?
I g-guess.
I'm totally fine.
I'm a spry high school girl over here.
Unlike bean sprout Senpai.
O-Okay.
But if you care...
You should give me a massage, Senpai.
I th-think there are all kinds of problems
with a boy massaging a girl.
Ow, ow, ow!
M-My back's getting worse!
Senpai!
Hurry up and rub my back!
A-A-All right! Fine!
Just a bit!
Yay!
I g-guess I've massaged you before.
Y-You mean, while dressed like that?
Please and thank you.
It'll be easier to massage me, right?
No, no, no...
Some clothes won't make a difference.
Ow!
Ow, ow, ow!
Hurry up and massage me!
N-Not too much.
Okay.
Give it a good knead right here.
Heungh!
Heungh?!
D-Don't make such weird sounds!
Your kneading just felt really good.
I couldn't help it.
I think we should stop.
Ow!
Ow, ow, ow!
Keep going!
Continue! Please!
Fine!
She's pretty stiff.
You're working hard, huh, Nagatoro?
Wh-What's that about?
I'm not going to do anything naughty
just because you praised me.
I-I wasn't thinking that!
Thanks, Senpai.
Th-That's it?
I feel better.
That's good.
Senpai...
I've decided to join the judo club.
Y-You did, huh?
I have a goal now.
To beat that Orihara girl?
To beat her and get your reward kiss.
Y-You were serious?!
I told you I was.
I said I wasn't messing.
J-J-Just a second!
I n-never agreed to anything like that!
Do you not want to?
Do you not want to kiss me?
N-N-N-No!
It's not that I don't want to, but...
It's not something you should
treat like a g-g-game prize!
It's a simple question, Senpai.
Do you want to kiss me?
Or do you not?
That's all there is to it!
Well?
Which is it, Senpai?
Do you want to kiss me or don't you?
Well?
Well?!
Y-You're...
It's been a while, Hachioji-senpai.
I would like to join the art club.
Y-You came to Kazehaya High School, huh?
Yes.
My cousin recommended it.
Besides, you're here, Hachioji-senpai.
I-I see.
Uh... So...
She was in my middle school art club.
I'm Sunomiya.
It's nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you!
You were in the same club, huh?
Yes.
I was a beginner, so he
taught me hand-in-hand.
Hand-in-hand...
Hachioji-senpai taught me a lot.
Hear that?!
You're well-liked, Hachioji-senpai!
N-Nah, it wasn't a big deal.
You taught her hand-in-hand, huh?
Nah, I just taught her the basics.
She learned really quickly, so...
Why are you being so squiggly?
Gross!
Um, would you please introduce her?
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
She's Nagatoro.
She's a second-year.
That's it?
No.
As you can see, she can look a bit scary,
but she's not actually that
harmful, like, I mean...
Who do you think you are,
toying with me, Senpai?!
I'm not trying to toy with you!
May I, both of you?
Right. Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Art Room
I apologize, but earlier while
I was in the hallway...
Do you want to kiss me or don't you?
I overheard something about a kiss.
Are you two in a relationship?
Aw, shucks!
I guess it looks like that, huh?
That's gross.
So gross.
Huh?!
No, we're not!
It's nothing like that!
It's not a romantic relationship
or anything like that...
It's, like...
Punch!
Ow!
Wh-What was that for?
You're being creepy, so I punched you.
Don't punch.
I ask Nagatoro to model
for me sometimes, so...
So she's not a member of the club?
N-Not really.
She's joining the judo club. Right?
That's right.
You've been coming here a lot,
but I guess you're going to be
focusing on that from now on, then?
I guess... I am.
Understood.
Are there any other members?
Huh?
No, not really.
So it's going to be just
the two of us in the club?
Y-Yeah.
If we don't get any more members, I guess.
Sunomiya-chan, you should be careful.
About what, Nagatoro-senpai?
Stay too long with this creepy
creep of a senpai, and...
And?
You'll be infected with his
creepy squiggly motions.
Stop telling her nonsense!
It's true that Hachioji-senpai
has idiosyncratic mannerisms.
Right?!
But I have a way of finding beauty
in all manner of oddities.
Beauty?
Oddities?!
Please proceed with your squiggliness.
She's squiggling!
I lack experience, but I look
forward to learning from you.
No, same to you.
'Sup?
'S-Sup?
Hayacchi, we're going to our club meet.
Were we starting today?
It's our first day. We can't slack off.
Let's go in strong.
I don't care for that kind of enthusiasm.
So the friends have joined
the judo club, too.
In that case, why don't
we stop here for today?
We can continue next time.
Yeah, all right.
Well, do you want to do some
life drawings, Sunomiya-kun?
I'd love to.
We have plenty of subjects.
Animals, plaster figures...
Yes, sir.
Paisen's switching to another chick!
What?!
No, no!
"Switching"?!
Please stop using weird phrases!
We're just going to be
working on our own stuff.
That's all.
Nagatoro-senpai.
It looks like you've been
modeling in a swimsuit.
I'm prepared to become a nude model.
Stop!
The bunny lady finally graduated, and now
we've got someone just like her again!
You, there!
Get dressed!
Well, yeah.
She's the president's cousin.
Stop undressing!
Your footwork is weak.
Yes'm.
Though it's been a while for you, hasn't it?
Don't push yourself too hard.
Yes'm.
How'd it go?
Man, I got tossed around.
Same.
'Sup!
'Sup.
Looks like you're having a pretty hard time.
Art Room
I see.
There's something I notice
when I line up your pieces.
Huh?
What do you notice?
Compared to your old art,
your new art is more colorful.
If I may make some frank observations...
You used more drab colors in middle school.
It was impressive,
but it seemed quite reserved.
D-Did it?
You've met her, haven't you?
You've met the goddess
who's changed your world!
You're still a white belt, Gamo-chan.
I think you're just not used to it yet.
True.
But you, Hayacchi...
You're distracted, aren't you?
Not really.
I just haven't gotten back in the groove yet.
Is something bothering you?
Not really!
Oh, yeah, totally.
Her precious boyfriend
might get taken from her!
Huh?!
Ooh, who is it?
That guy who was cheering
for her at the tournament.
Oh, that guy.
He's not my boyfriend!
He's our senpai, and he's in the art club.
She's been having fun
killing time in the club room.
Uh-huh?
Now she's in this club, so she won't have
too much time to be over there...
And to top it off,
a new challenger has appeared!
That's not even any of my business!
I was just hanging out to pass the time...
No, like I said, she was just
coming here to mess with me.
She's not a goddess so much as a demon.
A demon...
Then why did you have so
many pictures of a demon?
She was kind of making me draw her, at first.
But then it ended up being fun, so...
I see!
You're anxious because you're
worried about your boyfriend.
You're such a girly girl, Hayacchi.
He's not my boyfriend!
I'm not anxious!
Will it be love? Will it be judo?
Which will Hayacchi choose?
Well?
Well?!
I'm going to concentrate when I'm doing judo.
But I'm going to go toy
with Senpai just as hard.
So you're taking everything you want, huh?
Obviously!
Not that he's my boyfriend, though.
I'm not surprised she's like that. Right?
Right?
I understand now.
U-Understand what?
This club room is a nest of
love for you and the demon.
Nest?!
You and the demon have been
nurturing a forbidden love here.
No, no, no.
It's nothing like that.
Alas, you've parted ways,
and lost your love nest.
Now, what will you do?!
I don't know how to answer that.
You must go grab it for yourself, Senpai.
Grab what?
Love!
Sana-neesan said so.
Love is to be sought and grasped.
President...
That sounds like something she'd say.
Setting aside love and all that...
Setting that aside?
I m-mean, I do think I'd kinda miss her, but...
But what do I do?
Is it not obvious?
Go on a date.
D-Da—
D-D-D-Da—
Points of improvement for today.
Here we go, mini bunny.
Hachioji-senpai is unaware of
his own love for the demon.
Hey!
Demon?
Yes, I mean Nagatoro-senpai.
Senpai, is that what you've been calling me?!
N-No!
So this is the way in which she's a demon.